Storybook CONTRIBUTING doc improvements (#2075)
ni/nimble: packages/nimble-components/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Development workflow

1. When creating new components, create the folder structure and decide how to implement the component as described in [Develop new components](#develop-new-components).

> 2. Create Storybook documentation and tests for the component as described in [`@ni-private/storybook` CONTRIBUTING](/packages/storybook/CONTRIBUTING.md).
> 3. Run the Storybook build and start commands from the `storybook` package directory:
> 
>     `npm run build`
> 
>     `npm run start`
> 
>     Storybook will build its own copy of the component in a temporary folder which is separate from the normal build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2. Create Storybook documentation and tests for the component as described in [`@ni-private/storybook` CONTRIBUTING](/packages/storybook/CONTRIBUTING.md).

3. Run the Storybook command from the repo root:  `npm run storybook`.

    This command also causes `nimble-components` (and `spright-components`) to rebuild whenever a source file is changed so that Storybook can reflect the current state.
```

    See [Unit tests](#unit-tests) for additional available commands.

6. Test out the component in each of the 3 major browsers: Chrome, Firefox, and Safari (WebKit).
   For developers on non-Mac platforms, Safari/WebKit can be tested via the Playwright package:

>     - To open Storybook with WebKit, after running the Storybook command, run the command `npm run storybook-open-webkit -w @ni/nimble-components` from the `nimble` directory.

Reviewer: Now that Storybook and Playwright are not in the same project, we don't have this script.
```suggestion
```
